Revision history for Perl extension ExtUtils::ModuleMaker.
0.41    September 19, 2005
    - Corrected error in lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Utility.pm
      _get_home_directory():  double backslashes messed up tests on Windows.

0.40   September 18, 2005
    - Extensive refactoring; additional documentation; new default values
      added, particularly with regard to naming of tests.

0.39   September 5, 2005
    - v0.38 was reported by two beta-testers to fail in tests depending on
      whether the user had or had not previously created a home/.modulemaker
directory on user's system.  Set v0.38 for deletion from CPAN.

0.38   September 4, 2005
    - v0.37 failed to include t/testlib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Alt_no_Todo.pm 
in MANIFEST, which meant it wasn't bundled in tarball that went up to CPAN.
Corrected MANIFEST; set v0.37 for deletion from CPAN.

0.37   September 3, 2005
    - Added method make_selections_defaults() to the public interface.  User
      can now override the default values for attributes in the object created
by ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::new().  The values which a user enters in a
particular invocation of new() can be saved in a file called
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Personal/Defaults.pm which overrides
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Defaults.pm.  This file is saved in a .modulemaker/
directory which is in turn located beneath the user's home directory or an
equivalent thereto.  make_selections_defaults() can be activated from the
modulemaker command line via the '-s' option or from modulemaker interactive
mode's Main Menu, choice 'H'.
    - Added capability for user to override particular methods called within
      ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::complete_build.  This is done by setting the
ALT_BUILD attribute passed to new() or by passing the name of a Perl package
to the '-d' option to the modulemaker utility in command-line mode.
    - To prepare for the two extensions to ExtUtils::ModuleMaker's
      capabilities described above, most of the quasi-public methods
previously found in ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm were moved to
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Initializers.pm (in the case of methods called within
new() for the purpose of initializing attributes with default values) or to
ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/StandardText.pm (in the case of methods called within
complete_build() for the purpose of creating directories, files and writing
content to files.  These two packages are require-d into the
ExtUtils::ModuleMaker object at run-time.
    - Addition of the new capabilities described above required the creation
      of many new tests.  Some test files were renumbered so that there are no
longer gaps in their order.

0.36 July 18, 2005
        - Corrected error pointed out by CPAN tester Scott R. Godin:
          IO::Capture and subclasses were omitted from MANIFEST, 
          causing failure in t/11_miscargs.t.
        - Added additional command-line option '-q' to suppress sub new() 
          in .pm file created by modulemaker.  Added tests to t/09_mmkr.t 
          to test suppression of POD and suppression of sub new() in 
          .pm file created by modulemaker.  Along the way, wrote 
          additional testing subroutines and added them to 
          t/testlib/_Auxiliary.pm:
               exported:  check_pm_file make_compact
               not exported:  pod_present constructor_present
        - Typographic cleanup of what modulemaker prints to STDOUT for 
          Directives menu (mistake caused by my wrap settings in vi).
        - Commented out SecondStyles.pm so it will no longer be bundled 
          via make dist and no longer be uploaded to CPAN.

0.35 July 17, 2005
	- Removed support for Perl 4 style module names (e.g., D'oh).
	- Added many tests, including tests for the modulemaker utility
	  in non-interactive mode.
	- Extensive refactoring, including extraction of most variable 
          and subroutine declarations from modulemaker utility and 
          placed them in lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker/Interactive.pm.  
          Done to simplify future maintenance and make coverage results 
          more transparent.
	- Added partial_dump() method to ModuleMaker.pm.  This is not
	  yet viewed as publicly available but is used to diagnose the
          content of the EUMM object during development.
	- Improvements in documentation; more to come.

0.34    - Intermediate version not released to CPAN.

0.33 July 8, 2005
	- Primary maintenance taken over by James E Keenan
	  (jkeenan@cpan.org).
        - scripts/modulemaker
	  - modulemaker utility revised with objective of making it
	    possible to specify all options on the command-line
          - Included ABSTRACT in Main Menu and created prompt for new abstract
          - Allowed for additional command-line options for specification 
            of abstract and author info
          - Modified Usage message to reflect additional command-line 
            options; placed options in alphabetical order
        - lib/ExtUtils/ModuleMaker.pm:
          - Corrected typing errors in several places
          - Modified ORGANIZATION in POD to parallel wording of CPANID
          - Changed $defaults{ABSTRACT} to 'Module abstract 
            (<= 44 characters) goes here'
          - Allowed for ORGANIZATION, where defined, to be included in 
            AUTHOR COMPOSITE and thereby included in Author section of POD
	  - Fixed Block_Begin() and Block_Begin_BareBones() to eliminate 
            blank first line in .pm files
	  - Deletion of superseded/deprecated subroutines and
            corresponding POD
        - t/*.t
	  - Corrected names of test files on first lines of each of 
            02_simple.t, 03_quick.t and 04_compact.t
          - Created 05_abstract. to test current and new features:
              -- correct Author and Email in Makefile.PL
              -- placement of Abstract in POD
              -- placement of Author info in POD
              -- placement of History info in POD rather than in Changes
          - Created t/06_build.t and t/07_proxy.t to test alternative
            BUILD_SYSTEMs
	  - Created t/08_modulemaker.t to pave the way for testing of
	    the modulemaker utility (much to be done)

--------------------------------------------------------------

0.32 June 16 2003 (YAPC::Boca_Raton)
	- Removed Fakefile.PL that was for testing but only caused
	  problems.  The content has been held over after __END__
	  in Makefile.PL
	- Added missing fullname for libpng license which was causing
	  an odd number of parts in a hash
	- Added support for Module::Build (patch from Dave Rolsky)
	- Fixed misplaced backslash when generating the new method
	- Generated Makefile.PL now has a prerequisite of Test::Simple


--------------------------------------------------------------

0.312_29  September 2002 (YAPC::Munich)
	- Complete rewrite from the ground up for the 0.3xxx line
	- Created by ExtUtils::ModuleMaker 0.202
	- Now object oriented for customizability
	- Licenses in two new modules:
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Licenses::Standard
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::Licenses::Local
	- Customize for local environment by subclassing, example in
		ExtUtils::ModuleMaker::SecondStyle
	- Tests now use Test::More
	- New interactive script 'modulemaker'
	- Removed old scripts 'newmodule' and 'eumm'
	- Old functions are deprecated, but still here for now
		Quick_Module
		Generate_Module_Files
	- Fixed missing VERSION_FROM in Makefile.PL
	- pod and new method can now be optional in extra modules
		and different in each module

--------------------------------------------------------------

0.204_01 Fri May 31 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- Renamed eumm to the more memorable newmodule
	- Documented newmodule
	- More testing. We use Test::More now
	- Verbose prints to STDOUT not STDERR
	- Minor internal changes

0.202_02 Wed May 29 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- New feature: create compact base directories
	- New program: eumm (name TBD) frontend.

0.202_01 Sat May 25 2002 - joshua@cpan.org
	- Creates .cvsignore
	- Creates MANIFEST.SKIP

0.202  Fri Dec 28  2001
	- Fixed typo on line 134 of Licences.pm

0.201_02  Fri Jul 27  2001
	- Coming out party for the module at TPC 5.0
	- Change name of module from ModuleMaker to ExtUtils::ModuleMaker
	- Added Licences.pm including:
	  - LICENSE file added to the manifest
	  - Now support all 21 licenses approved by opensource.org
	- Added simple tests
	- Need to add INLINE hooks, XS hooks, and better testing

0.2001+  Wed Jul 18  2001
	- Minor housekeeping details

0.2  Sun Jul 08 20:47:34 2001
	- original version; created by ModuleMaker 0.2
	- Amazingly incestuous isn't it.
